campaign.md, before:

---
layout: campaign
ref: campaign
lang: en
order: 3
url: campaign
highlight-text: Finland is in the strategic position of solver during a decisive point in world history. We have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity but do we also have the WILL to make a change? 
campaign-people-text: Ilmastoveivi2019 campaign was launched in October 2018 as an initiative by independent individuals. Currently, we have over 300 volunteers and numerous partners are keen to support our campaign. We are a nonpartisan campaign and the campaign is run completely on a voluntary basis.
contacts-title-text: Contacts
contact1: "Laura Kolehmainen: laura.m.kolehmainen@helsinki.fi"
contact2: "Liisa Kolehmainen: liisa.kolehmainen@helsinki.fi"
contact3: "Kati Systä: kati.systa@turku.fi +358443005760"
---

## Everyone’s campaign

Ilmastoveivi2019 is a campaign launched by private citizens in Finland. The aim of the campaign is to push Finnish leaders to utilise Finland's term as the President of the Council of the European Union (07-12/2019) to advance climate action and EU climate policies. We ask the whole nation of Finland, of its citizens and societal actors, to take action. We have no prestige or authority, instead we reach out as one person to another. After all, this is our climate, our planet and our society. 

The aim of the campaign is to gather 500 000 signatures for our petition, which can be found on our website. The petition will be handed over to the new Finnish Prime Minister after the Finnish Parliamentary Election of April 2019. This will function as a strong mandate that the Finnish people, regardless of political background, urge Finland as the President of the Council of the EU to take a decisive role in limiting climate change! 


## A unique opportunity to make a difference

In line with the current climate policies of the European Union, the climate will warm up to 3.5 celsius degrees. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) the increase in global temperature by 1.5 degrees can cause irreversible change to global ecosystems, for example. Climate action is an urgent requirement.

During our Presidency in the Council of the European Union, Finland has the opportunity to do more for climate. In this role, Finland may place climate affairs on the meeting agendas of the Council, advocate other members of the Council, together with Finland, to produce resolutions for better climate policies, or in its own resolution, urge the European Commission to introduce a bill for opening the current climate and energy package. Furthermore, coinciding with the Finnish Presidency, the European Commission will formulate the five-year priority agendas, which has the potential to become a more influential platform than the resolutions of the Council. In addition, Finland has the power to influence the political strategy of the whole European Union. The contemporary politics are not enough, hence we must open the EU climate and energy package for reformation!

Commit message:

updated Campaign BG in English

campaign.md, after:

---
layout: campaign
ref: campaign
lang: en
order: 3
url: campaign
highlight-text: Finland is in the strategic position of solver during a decisive point in world history. We have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity but do we also have the WILL to make a change? 
campaign-people-text: Ilmastoveivi2019 campaign was launched in October 2018 as an initiative by independent individuals. Currently, we have over 300 volunteers and numerous partners are keen to support our campaign. We are a nonpartisan campaign and the campaign is run completely on a voluntary basis.
contacts-title-text: Contacts
contact1: "Laura Kolehmainen: laura.m.kolehmainen@helsinki.fi"
contact2: "Liisa Kolehmainen: liisa.kolehmainen@helsinki.fi"
contact3: "Kati Systä: kati.systa@turku.fi +358443005760"
---

## Everyone’s campaign

Ilmastoveivi2019 is a campaign launched by independent citizens in Finland. The aim of the campaign is to push Finnish leaders to utilise Finland's term as the President of the Council of the European Union (07-12/2019) to advance climate action and EU climate policies. We ask the whole nation of Finland, of its citizens and societal actors, to take action. We have no prestige or authority, instead we reach out as one person to another. After all, this is our climate, our planet and our society. 

The aim of the campaign is to gather 500 000 signatures for our petition, which can be found on our website. The petition will be handed over to the new Finnish Prime Minister after the Finnish Parliamentary Election of April 2019. This will function as a strong mandate that the Finnish people, regardless of political background, urge Finland as the President of the Council of the EU to take a decisive role in limiting climate change! 


## A unique opportunity to make a difference

In line with the current climate policies of the European Union, the climate will warm up to 3.5 celsius degrees. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) the increase in global temperature by 1.5 degrees can cause irreversible change to global ecosystems, for example. Climate action is an urgent requirement.

During our Presidency in the Council of the European Union, Finland has the opportunity to do more for climate. In this role, Finland may place climate affairs on the meeting agendas of the Council, advocate other members of the Council, together with Finland and to produce resolutions for better climate policies. Finland will also have the mandate to make a motion to update the 2030 and 2050 target levels put forth in the 2020 climate & energy package. Furthermore, coinciding with the Finnish Presidency, the European Commission will formulate the five-year priority agendas, which has the potential to become a more influential platform than the resolutions of the Council. In addition, Finland has the power to influence the political strategy of the whole European Union. The current politics are not enough, and for this reason the target levels set in the 2020 climate & energy package must be updated!

REMARK: Finland is in the strategic position of solver during a decisive point in world history. We have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity but do we also have the WILL to make a change?  

Ilmastoveivi2019 campaign was launched in October 2018 as an initiative by independent individuals. Currently, we have over 300 volunteers and numerous partners are keen to support our campaign. We are a nonpartisan campaign and the campaign is run completely on a voluntary basis.
