en.md, before:

---
layout: default
ref: index
lang: en
order: 3
title: Sign a petition for more sustainable climate policy
slogan: Join the Wave
description: The Ilmastoveivi2019 climate campaign will take Finland to the top in international climate change action. The puck has been dropped - it’s time to take it.
intro: The Ilmastoveivi2019 climate campaign will take Finland to the top in international climate change action. The puck has been dropped - it’s time to take it.
signing-ended: The collection of signatures has ended. Information about our new climate movement can be found at climatemove.fi
act-title: How to contribute to our cause
act-text1: By signing, people help create a momentum
act-text2: …which encourages politicians
act-text3: …within the EU to promote the goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees.
sign-button-text: Read the petition and sign
campaign-info-link-text: Campaign background
campaign-page-link-url: /campaign
blog-title: Campaign blog
blog-url: /blogi-en


---

## Goal

Finland will hold the Presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2019 from July to December. We at Ilmastoveivi2019 intend on making use of this opportunity to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Finland will have the mandate to make a motion to update the 2030 and 2050 target levels put forth in the 2020 climate & energy package. This will put the EU on the right track to reach the ambitious, but necessary goal of 1.5 degrees.


## How do we achieve this

In order to achieve this goal, Ilmastoveivi2019 is looking to collect 500,000 signatures for our petition, which will be handed over to the new prime minister of Finland in the spring of 2019.

The campaign aims to connect Finns – regardless of age, background, and life situation – for the sake of preventing climate change. Together through Ilmastoveivi2019, we insist that Finland must take the leading position in preventing climate change.

Commit message:

Change climate move info texts

en.md, after:

---
layout: default
ref: index
lang: en
order: 3
title: Sign a petition for more sustainable climate policy
slogan: Join the Wave
description: The Ilmastoveivi2019 climate campaign will take Finland to the top in international climate change action. The puck has been dropped - it’s time to take it.
intro: The Ilmastoveivi2019 climate campaign will take Finland to the top in international climate change action. The puck has been dropped - it’s time to take it.
signing-ended: The collection of signatures has ended. We have turned our campign to new climate movement called Climate Move. More information can be found in Finnish at <a href="https://climatemove.fi">climatemove.fi</a>
act-title: How to contribute to our cause
act-text1: By signing, people help create a momentum
act-text2: …which encourages politicians
act-text3: …within the EU to promote the goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees.
sign-button-text: Read the petition and sign
campaign-info-link-text: Campaign background
campaign-page-link-url: /campaign
blog-title: Campaign blog
blog-url: /blogi-en


---

## Goal

Finland will hold the Presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2019 from July to December. We at Ilmastoveivi2019 intend on making use of this opportunity to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Finland will have the mandate to make a motion to update the 2030 and 2050 target levels put forth in the 2020 climate & energy package. This will put the EU on the right track to reach the ambitious, but necessary goal of 1.5 degrees.


## How do we achieve this

In order to achieve this goal, Ilmastoveivi2019 is looking to collect 500,000 signatures for our petition, which will be handed over to the new prime minister of Finland in the spring of 2019.

The campaign aims to connect Finns – regardless of age, background, and life situation – for the sake of preventing climate change. Together through Ilmastoveivi2019, we insist that Finland must take the leading position in preventing climate change.
